This app renders the list of characters and spaceships fetched from SWAPI.dev. The app is build with React.js and also typescript was used for strong typing and eliminating most of the runtime browser errors. Star Wars API allows fetching either a list of characters/spaceships or a single entity details. Fetch API is used to make API calls to SWAPI.dev. All the characters/spaceship information is stored in Redux. Typescript decoders were used in order to decode the data returned from API calls and make sure the data is returned in the expected format. Home component renders the list of characters (and also inserts a starship after the 8th character) into the table. Pagination is rendered underneath the table and the total number of pages is based on the total amount of characters available (API index calls to /people return the "count" attribute which was used to calculate the total number of pages). Once a user clicks on "next"/"prev" button - a new API call is made to get an updated list of the characters (based on the passed "page" query parameter). User can view the details of a character/spaceship using an action button in the most right column of the table. When a user clicks appears on a character/spaceship details page - the correspoonding component gets rendered. If charater/spaceship details are available in global state - they are immediately rendered on that page. However, if a user refreshes the page or goes to /character/:id url directly, an API call will be made to get the necessary details for rendering. When data is loading - user can see a loader (spinner) on the screen indicating that app is being rendered.

If I was making my own choise on which technologies to use - I would definitely go for React Context instead of Redux. React already has a built-in global state management service which eliminates the neccessity of using 3rd party libraries. Obviously, in real application characters/spaceships data will not be stored in global state. What can be stored there is some app configuration data, or user data, etc. React Context is more than capable of storing such data which is usually not being updated a crazy amount of times. For the rest of the data - the project could use useState hook.

If I had more time, I would prepare the necessary typescript Types to describe redux dispatch functions.
